                                                                      		 Breakup		                                                             01/20/20

	Me and Zofia broke up. I have moments where i want to think about going back and having life as it was, but that's the easy way out that causes problems later. We weren't meant to die together. We went on a walk after school to
talk more about some stuf that we texted about last night. It went better than I was expecting tbh. I started with essentially saying it's not going to work out, and then she talked for most of the rest of it. She's very susceptible to
that kind of mentality, I can't think of a better way to describe it than normie culture. Or how Abby acts. You tell her that she's good at back massages, and suddenly she wants to be a chiropractor when she grows up. She started
talking about how I'm like a computer, and I let her really run with that idea because it helped my case of we shoulnd't be together. I think we'll still be friends, unlike me and Kaia aha. She asked if we could still hug every so often
and I was like sure, I like hugs. I got my sweater and airsoft pistol back, then went home. When I got home I went to the garage and started to work on the batteries for my solar panels. The whole shenanigans with the lithium ions
sparking happened yesterday. I am still a little terrified of them haha. While I was out in the garage I found this little diary looking book and looked in. Inside was the plans for some invention that Father thought of a little while
ago, and there were also some poems. A few erotic ones lmaoooooo. The said ones were really sad though. I think he was writing about his childhood and it made me cry. There was a poem about a boy missing his father and his teacher
wanting him to be normal again, and the mother feeling sad for the boy. The boy had angry outbursts and it made the mother cry which was one of the boys worst fears. (Doug is afraid of letting people down, and will do a lot to please
others.) I went inside for dinner afterwards. Layed down for a hot min after dinner. Went to the studio to game with ppl. Finished with the batteries after gaming. So far I have 32 cells out of their cases, and they're arranged into 4
lines of 8. Inside of their new case and ready to be soldered. I just need to wait for the buss and tabbing wire now. I'm fucking excited as shit to finish that. used a couple cells to light up fairy lights but they ran out of charge
pretty quick which makes me a little worried about their capacity. Apparently it gets better after being cycled a few times, but also they probably shouldn't have much charge after sitting unused for a little while. I connected three
cells in series, and the voltage broke the fairy lights. Lol but also rip. Trying out my new sleep schedule right now. I'm pretty tired but that's aight.

	I don't think I'm going to date anyone else for a little while. I get too invested in the relationship too fast, then it dies out. I didn't change as much as I'm letting on. I definitely changed a lot, but I'm not a completely
different person now. I lost interest in the relationship, didn't want to hang out as much anymore. My new studious attitude definitely played a part in me feeling that way, but I'm still the same guy, I just don't feel the motivation
to make sweet and thoughtful things for someone who I don't care a ton about. I'm kinda just shiting on Zofia rn, but honestly I do think somewhat highly of her. Very nice, not the smartest but she's a great person who does deserve
better than I treated her or than she thinks of herself.

	Even if Kathleen comes up to me and tells me that she wants to date or something crazy like that, I would have to say no. I don't want to risk hurting anyone due to inability to stay interested for longer than 9 months again.
loks like I'm gonna focus on solar panels, tesla coils, math, and school. Also work I guess. Maybe gaming too.

	I'm trying to stay awake so I'm gonna go do something else now. Kisses.