						Summer break                                                                                7/5/19

	Holy balls a lot has happened. Recap!!
January: Me and Zofia went on a date, I fucked it up by being awkward af. We decide it's best not to date at the time.
February: I don't remember shit from this month, except musical and the cast party. That was so much fun!! Besides that I prolly just chilled lol.
March: Started drifting away from Zofia, hadn't really talked much. Don't remember much from here either. I think the first climate strike was this
month.
April: Got drunk at Sudsy's, me and Mara almost kissed but it was WAY too awkward for either of us to follow through. We talked a lot, and I
would say this is the night where we really decided to leave history in the past, basically she forgave me for being a dick. Me and Zofia had
been drifting, and I didn't want to so I texted her and asked how she was doing, and asked for her to talk about more meaningful stuff than just
like "I'm good how're you?" It went well, we talked about feelings towards each other and I was back to liking her.
May: Tons of Monty Python prep, super happy I got to do that.
June: Very much so liking Zofia, more than ever before. Got to do Monty Python! Fucking tons of exam prep and stress, did exams and it was
all good. I got straight A's!! So did Zofia!! Tons of fun in this month, overall amazing. I tried to ask out Zofia but I was too scared. So, being the
amzing person she is, she asked me out!!! The day I'm writing this is the day of our actual date!!
July: Plans for the date have been finalized. We're going to meet at Saveon, grab some snacks, then bus over to Mt. Tolmie. I'm so excited, but
also super nervous. If things go the way our last date went, I'll kill myself. But seriously, I would feel so bad and embarrassed. We're gonna
play cards, talk, listen to music, and watch the sunset. I want to have a goodnights kiss, but I have no clue how she feels about a kiss. I'll talk
with her about that. Stranger Things season 3 came out as well, I binged it in two days. It was very exciting yet also managed to base it on the
dynamics of the relationships of the characters, but they didn't talk enough about the monster. They also put in a lot of cliches, and cliches
don't mean that it sucks or is unoriginal, but it does make it pretty predictable taking away some aspect of excitement and satisfaction. 
Today!! I stayed up till past 12 last night so that counts as today, and I texted Zof a bunch. It was all wholesome stuff like IM SO EXCITED, and
compliments and such, I meant everything I said though. She really liked that, and I'll touch on that in a bit.  I woke up after having a 100% on 
sleep cycle, and texted hudson a bunch. We talked about Amara the E-girl wanting to fuck him, told him about me and Zofia's date, all that good
stuff. Then Zofia woke up, and texted me a bunch of stuff and we both cried out of happiness. We talked like nonstop for around an hour I think,
it was very nice. She complimented me a bunch :))). I got ready for the day, and ate some food and played some piano. I took that little tune
that I showed Mark on St. Patricks Day and played it on the piano with some chords, did a little improv and I thought it sounded fuckin beautiful.
I have this whole image in my head that the song makes me feel, it made me so happy and I feel like an actual musician right now. I'm gonna 
show Zof cuz I love it a lot. Did some chores, loved life for a second and decided that I should make another one of these LifeLogs. So, I'm
gonna go pack for camp now cuz that's on Monday and today is Friday!!! I'm so excited but the timing kinda sucks with me and Zofia just
starting to date. Anyways, I'll be back later with the details of how it went! I have been waiting for months for this and it's finally here :)). TTYL!

	So the date went fucking AMAZING!!! We both had tons of fun and want to go on more dates!! I didn't even need to use my fuckin list
of stuff to talk about and there was little to no awkward silences!! Okay, a recap of everything after writing earlier:
Get up, start freaking tf out in a bad way, got super nervous over the next hourish. People got home and I read the book of music theory for a
little while, then got everything absolutely ready. Still managed to forget the speaker and my phone charger lmao. Walk over to Saveon, but
she was a little bit late. Said hey to Mark, and then chilled on the chairs. She got there, we hugged and instantly started chatting. We grabbed
our snacks and paid, all while still making conversation. We walked back to my house to grab the speaker then went over to the bus stop. Got
on that bus and went all the way over to Tolmie, then we hiked up it. It was pretty damn tiring with that heavy ass bag. We found a nice spot and
sat down. Chilled there listening to music for a couple of hours and I showed her my piano video. She really liked it so that feels very nice!!!!
She later said "Maybe you could teach me sometime" and that is really just amazing to me, I've made something that Zofia wants to learn how
to play!!!!! Anyways, we went up to the top and marveled at how beautiful it was and then went back down and made the Long Dong Song. (She
did most of it as I am not very talented.) We then took some pics and left. BTW, we have barely ever stopped talking throughout this entire
date!!! I realized that I didn't know where the bus stop home was and we found it, and the bus ride back was frickin sick. We joked around with
like moving back and forth hitting each other because the bus was real shotty with the stopping. After that we walked home and didn't stop
talking once. I'm so proud and happy because of that. Anyways, we had some time to kill so we went to Margaret Jenkins. That was tons of fun
and the amount of stories we shared was insane!! After that I walked her back home and we hugged twice so frickin intensely, it was amazing.
No kiss and I'm very ok with that, don't want to rush her at all. I was so hyped afterwards I danced all the way to GNS and that was when
Carson told me that he threatened to cut himself because of his mom, not a fun time. Took a piss in the bushes outside of GNS and walked the 
rest of the way home. Got home and me and Zof texted a bunch about how great each other is and stuff. All in all, couldn't have gone better.
Today was one of my favourite days ever. I still have tons of stuff from my list that can be used in later dates!! Speaking of which, she made a 
lil joke where she said 10/10, encore. ENCORE MEANS MORE DATES!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm so excited to go to camp and so excited to get back. Life
is so good.