					Hanging out with peoples and chillin at musical			14/12/18

	I'm doing this log way too late so I only remember the after school portion. I was gonna hang out with the usual crew after school, but
then Charlie bribed me with Subway to stay at musical even though I wasn't in any of the scenes. I was still on my no sugar diet, so no drink.
After Charlie finished musical we went to my house to pick up money and hopefully get a drive to the arcade. I caved and had sugar, and then
we bussed over to the arcade. We met Kai and Sudsy there and played some pinball and metal slug 4. After a little while Maria and Mara
showed up and after about thirty minutes we went over to the mall. We got some food, Charlie tried V.R, we played the this is that game and 
fucked with Mara and Maria. Mara and I were kinda flirting, or at least I got the feeling of it. I noticed Kai looked unhappy and he said it was 
nothing, then we went to Urban Art and he freaked out at Charlie and ran away. Charlie and I left the group to run around downtown phoning Kai
to try and find him. He eventually picked up and there was some rustling like he had put the phone in his pocket.(I later learned he had climbed
a wall and the rustling was in his pocket as he tried to muster up the courage to jump.) After a little bit of that he answered and said he wanted 
to talk to Charlie. I ran with him down to meet Kai and left the two alone. Phone ran out of battery just as I went to call Sudsy and the rest of 
them, I was lucky enough to run into them while I ran back to the Bay Centre. Got a super big gulp from 7-11 and then the four of us went to the
Empress to look at all the fancy shit. I asked a guy in a british accent where the loo was and he responded in a french accent, then when the
others said hey to him he didn't use an accent! The sink had gold in it and the paper towels were so fancy, and me and Hudson got called party
crashers by some drunk guy, so we left. We then went to another hotel and checked out their fancy stuff. After that we made our way back to
Hudson's and chilled for a couple minutes til Mom picked me up. Overall great night.