					Leaving for camp and Elzbea's Birthday party			7/7/19

	Today is the final day of packing before I leave for camp. I really hate the timing, me and Zofia are getting so close. I'm already sad
because I know I'm gonna miss her tons. She really is such a huge part of my life now, I've been around her more than anyone else in the past
probably month. And now that we're just starting to date, really just stabs me in the heart. I meant to talk to her about kissing but I doubt that we
would've yesterday anyways, I kinda wanna do it in person tho. I have tons of other stuff to talk about right now tho, such as first date or
second date? How it's better than the last time we tried to date becuase after hanging out a ton over six months I've become wayyyyyy more
comfortable around her. I had like four others in my head but I can't think of them right now. Anyways, yesterday was tons of fun, even though
we didn't talk to much. It was Elzbea's party and it was 80's themed, so I dressed up in pink khakis and a green button up with birds on it, I also
had a chain and some pink/purple heart kinda glasses. We all met at the beach, ate snacks and talked for a while, then we went up to her
house. We talked and had a lil bit of snacks, then got pizza. It kinda sucked tbh, doesn't matter because she gave me free pizza. Then we
played paranoia, and off the bat Alexandra asked me who is most likely to get divorced more than three times. I stalled for as long as I could,
then said John because he's got the rockstar genes in him. I felt really bad about that. What if John thinks of me as that one kid that doesn't like
him or something now, I don't want that to happen. After that we watched The Breakfast Club, and watching it again when I'm a lil older made me
realize, that movie makes absolutely no sense.  None of that should've happened!! Especially not the part where Bender gets with Claire and 
Andrew gets with whatever the fuck her name was. (Especially not the part where death metal gets with preppy bitch, sport jock gets with emo.)
After that everyone was leaving and zof and I hugged like four times. We're both gonna miss each other tons. Not much else happened, I need 
to get packing so I can call Zofia and maybe even meet up with her and go for a walk. Also Hudson is in Spain and he gets back two days after
I leave so we don't see each other for around 5-6 weeks. I'm gonna take a journal with me to camp and then copy it into a LifeLog later. Don't
get me wrong, I love camp and I'm excited af for it, but I'm gonna miss everyone. It's funny how much Zofia has become a part of my life tho.
We have gone on one(maybe two I'll ask her see what she thinks) date but she was already kinda my best friend, so I have a very good feeling
for this relationship. Seriously gotta go pack now. The main thing to take away from this is that I'm kinda in love with Zofia and I'm super happy
about the situation but sad that the timing is so terrible. Signing off till the 26th, Ollie.