						Boring day at school				10/12/18

	Started the day tired as fuck, I had just stayed up till twelve trying to fix my har drive. I have a good feeling about it, but also a really
bad feeling about it. Anyways, bitlocker is 67.2% done trying to encrypt it, I hope it'll fix it. After dragging myself out of bed I had a nice shower, 
then layed down and looked at my phone for another ten mins. Then I got up, changed and left for school. It's insanely cold out, and I can't wait
for Christmas so we can get back to summer! Had one of the most boring and tiring class ever, french, then advisory. Someone forgot treats
for the millionth time in a row, so I was hungry. Went down to I.T. and did GameMaker. Callym came back from a funeral so rip him. After I.T. I
had a socials test and I feel like I did good on it. Then lunch rolled around and I had already eaten my lunch of a clif bar, so I bought a taco. I
accidentally bought a refried bean one without any beef, but it was actually really good. Went to P.E. and had an uneventful weight room block.
After that, I made my way up to math where we had a quiz and I felt pretty goof about that one too. Walked outside with Charlie and Jasper and
we talked about how hot the jerbear is.(What a cutie.) Chilled at the front of the school with a couple of homies, then went to DQ with Mark, Kai
Alex and Zofia(still got a pretty girthy crush on her.) Went back to the school, got my helmet that I lost a lil while ago and mother's helmet that I
used today. Walked back to DQ and to Zofia's bus stop with just her, no awkward silences!! Gave Ramsey my pepsi, I think he likes me more 
now. Left Zofia at her bus stop cuz I reaaaally had to pee. Watched some How I Met Your Mother and then went to bass. I still feel like mark 
doesn't fully like me yet, but I'm getting there and also geting better at bass. Had a grilled cheese, went to soccer and we fucked around for the
whole time because it was our last one and their was barely anyone. Went home, watched some more himym, wrote this log. Hard drive is at
67.9% now, I'm full of hope, uncertainty and fright. I say Good night now.