                                                                      		 Covid Recap		                                                             11/3/20

	Dude so much has happened since the last life log about 10 months ago. Uhhhh remember Covid? That shit was fuckin wacky,
anywho I'll get down to brass tacks.
Feb: lots and lots of musical, start talking to Johanna and Kathleen quite a bit, FamJam was hella lit. Got sunflower seeds and planted them.
Talk of a virus started from someone eating bat soup is going around. Only like 90 cases worldwide.
March: Musical musical musical!! This was crazy fun. I was talking to Kathleen every second I could on stage and we were already hitting it off
wonderfully. We would talk about which child we would sell to move somewhere, I think we agreed on Italy. I actually got sick during the week
when we had musical performances and it was terrible. I was so hot or cold, coughed so hard, light-headed, everything sucked. It straight up
seems like I had covid. I remember coughing so hard I couldn't breathe for an uncomfortable and frightening amount of time. Anywho, I managed
to not getting anyone else sick? Crazy shit. It started on a wednesday I think, ended after Friday. I was better for closing night and it really
shows if you watch the recording. Closing night was so fucking hype!! Everyone went so hard for the wedding scene because I did and after
Carson started following my lead, other people did too and it was baller. I remember looking at Kathleen while we doing the hand shake stomp
bit and she went from doing it to doing it so enthusiastically in like half a second, and I remember her playfully stepping on my foot so vividly. I
apologized in advance for how hard I was about to fling her when we danced in a circled, she actually almost fell over ahaha. I also flung Marijn
and Ethan during the bottle dance, and nearly broke my back doing the spins. That shit was awesome. At one point, right after the rabbi touches
hands with Sophie, there's this little bit where me and Kathleen are a few feet apart for like half a second, and then instantly she goes right
back to my side to say something to me. It was just a cool little bit where I can see how much our friendship grew in such a short time because
of musical. Anyways it was really fun, and then backstage right after the wedding, I remember talking with her with so much enthusiasm for at
least a minute. That stuff just stuck with me because of how happy I was about it. I really like that girl. Anyways cast party was pretty fun, I hung
out with Ethan Moen and Annika for a while on a couch just chatting about grade 10 drama and that was probably my favourite part of the party.
Also talking about architecture with jasper and alex was fun. Colleen really went off, that was hilarious. Gur and Robyn made out!!! After Gur
kissed Molly!! What an idiot, he had molly in the palm of his hand and then fucked it all up. I don't think I talked to Kathleen much if at all during
the party which is a bit of a bummer, but after that amazing runthrough of the wedding I can't complain. After musical, spring break rolled around,
and covid went bazonkers. Thousands of cases. Lockdown everywhere. Nathan and Mother went to Peru on a Thursday, and everything went
into lockdown two days later. Stuck at home for two weeks, I don't think I left my house once. Maybe to go meet Mark and Hudson.
April: Karen and Nathan come back from Peru, I give up my room and stay in the studio for two weeks while they quarantine. I got super pissy
at K-Dog for being way too leniant with her distancing and quarantining. Zofia came over and we saw each other for the first time in weeks.
Karen goes back to living like normal, and I get my room back. Zofia sees my peepee for the first time, got hella freaked out by how dang
awesome it is, and I start working at KGNC.
May: Don't remember much. Schoolwork and full time at KGNC. Bought rollerblades, new phone, telescope, bunch of cool stuff. 
June: Started Calculus through Khan Academy. Ended the year with straight A's. Made planter boxes for garden stuff, planted carrots and
lettuce. I think it was around here when I was getting annoyed and tired of Zofia. It definitely was on second thought, and we had this little
break thing because I wanted more space. That night was a little crazy. She wanted me to walk her home from Carnarvon park because she
lost track of time and it got dark, absolute bull btw. It was summer and it took like 40 minutes from starting to get dark to actually being dark.
And how do you just lose track of time for like hours? That was dumb. I remember having this feeling that we were going to break up that night.
I meet her outside of starbucks by save on. She isn't doing so well. Not much talk on the walk to her house. She is crying and talks about how
we don't hang out enough anymore. I said that I wanted to hang out less, I just needed more time to myself. She didn't like that and wouldn't
accept it. I say we should take a break and she just kinda skipped over that and made me feel like she wasn't open to the idea. She kept
pressuring this idea of " just say what you want" after I already did. I figure she's not taking break as an answer so I say break up and she flips
out, eventually we get to the point of indefinite break. I then felt terrible and texted her like two days later being like UwU I'm so sowwy and she
was like I want to be together too and then we met up and it was weird and there were lots of tears and not a ton of talking. Long story short
we're back together.
July: Takes only a few times of hanging out for things to go back to normal for us. We chat about sex, and how she's not ready but sometime in
the foreseeable future. Most of my time is spent doing calculus or working at KGNC. Bought an airsoft pistol. Went to Saturna. First time
hanging out with the gamers IRL in months was actually last month now that I think about it. Anyways, not much happens.
August: Working, hanging out with gamers & Zofia, went to a cabin up island, started reading david and goliath by Malcolm Gladwell. I saw my 
camp friends, or at least some of them, at Goldstream. That was hella fun, happened before going to cabin up island. Got prepped for going
back to school. Played doom for like 8 hours straight one night, 11pm to 7am. (Bruh that doom thing happened in like April or May) (Definitely April)
Don't remember much else. Oh!! Minecraft server that took up most of my time was in March, me and Lucas played so much of that holy shit we
grinded so fucking hard. Finished limits, differentiation, and most of integrals by this point.
September: School! Feels like so long ago tbh, only two months ago. Not even! Start the year off strong with math and chem, become good
friends with Jacob. He's a real gamer. Finished the first unit of math in four days lmao oops. Really sad because Kathleen isn't doing choir or 
musical. SIKE SHE'S DOING MUSICAL AND HOLY SHIT IM TAING HER PHYSICS CLASS!!!!!! Overwhelmed with joy. My Kathleen addiction
is coming back just as strong as it left. (I completely forgot to mention the pizza party in March! I was so prepped to have a pizza party to kick
off spring break, I invited so many fuckin people and it would've been so much fun. Covid was a bitch and wouldn't let us, so I lost out on an
amazing opportunity to solidify me and Kathleen's friendship. She is the kind of person to not have many close friends, but be super close with
a select few. I think I would've been in her close friends club if she came to the party and we hung out.) I start doing math super fast, and try to
keep up 100% in Chem. Musical meeting happens, auditions are october.
October: Finished Math! Finished about 3-4 weeks early, but have to retest some of logs because I rushed through it so fast. 70 pages in four
days! Too much. Start peer tutoring Jo and Jo's friend Blythe.