					Winter break, Zofia, drunk, sleepovers				8/1/19
	This is a recap of winter break! It started with me staying at home for the last day of school, I had some of the worst shits of my life
lmao(Thank you TacoTime) Then, Charlie and I had a bunch of sleepovers and I almost told Zofia that I really like her but her bus came and it
would've been weird. Had a really fun Christmas!! Grandparents were over, played through bloodborne and a couple of additional bosses.About
a week later, Charlie took Kai and Mark on a spirit walk, so that I could ask out Zofia in Save on privately. we walked around, I told her that I've 
had a crush on her for a long time, I asked her to go on a should-we-date date and she said that she has been super duper into me for a while
now, and she had been thinking about it for a really long time and was too conflicted because she wants to but she also doesn't want to hurt me.
I think that it's dumb, no matter how a relationship ends people get hurt. Why not have a bunch of good times, and then maybe have a little bit of
bad times? Why not risk it and put it on the line, because isn't that what life's about? Even still, if it ended poorly, we could still be friends like 
Cade and her, or like Kaia and I would be like if she wasn't unbearably annoying. Anyways, nothing happened for a lil while and I decided to
have a half a bottle of whiskey at Charlie's(thanks Jay), and the night was not great. very beginning was so fun, then I got scared that I was too
drunk, and I don't remember anything till when Charlie came back inside from going out to the garage. I ran over to him and broke a glass in the
process, which made me feel terrible because everyone must've been having a pretty bad night due to me. I don't remember anything else
except saying never drink and then vomiting in a toilet a bunch. Apparently I put a bunch of vomit covered paper towels in the toilet and
accidentally dipped my hair in the vomit water. That sucked, but I was completely fine the next morning which was nice. Anyways, skip ahead to
New Years, which is when Kai and I went on a nice walk around the block a couple of times and then him and mark got super wasted on 250
millilitres of vodka split between the two of them, and I had to make sure they were okay, and Zofia was really scared because I couldn't text
her while I was walking Kai and Mark. We had a nice little while of talking after all that was over, and me and skip bonded a little. I told Zofia she
was great and made my year so much better, and she said something like that back to me. Went outside and celebrated New Years, kissed Kai
for both of our first kisses of the year, and went home. Nothing much happened until Tuesday the 2nd, when a bunch of people hung out, Zofia
and I talked on John's dad's balcony, and then went home. Later that night, we were texting and she called me "really fucking cute" in small
letters which means she really means it, and I said she was insanely pretty, funny, kind and smart, and we just complimented each other for a lil
while. Then, on Saturday the 5th we went on the should-we-date date, and had an amazing time. We decided that she's just not really ready for
a big relationship yet. I told her some more stuff as to why I have a crush on her and she ended up laughing at the things I said just because of
how self conscience she is. I lost 20 bucks, got a code red from Niko, played her violin, met her cat, talked to her parents, and she met my cat,
my sister, Mom and Nathan. Nothing else has progressed so far, but since this is just for me to look on later when I can't remember what my
innest thoughts were, I think I'm happiest with knowing that she likes me, not dating(because I believe we're better at being friends than in a 
relationship), and us moving on with our lives but it brought us closer. Anyways it's been great seeing all my friends but fuck school, it sucks.
I'm gonna try and be more on top of LifeLogs©, school and fun. Bye!