                                                                      		 Nothing Special		                                                             01/14/20

	It's barely the 14th lmao, I'm trying this new sleep schedule of wake up Monday, all-nighter through to Tuesday, 12 hour sleep Tuesday night, repeat on Wednesday. This is for efficiency reasons ahaha. I fucking hate how much time
I have to waste sleeping. I could be reading, learning math, fucking with computers, making programs, doing random schoolwork, literally anything besides being willfull unconscious. I'm trying this out for probably a week and a half, the
adverse effects are probably going to suck dick lmao. Anyways, in personal news, I am still much in love with the idea of Kathleen, and I don't feel many emotions besides pity or conceit towards Zofia. I think I need some single time
lol. Complete hypothetical: I break up with Zofia, and start dating Kathleen. I know that I'm gong to live the high of all of my dreams coming true for a couple of weeks, and then the love and lust will die out pretty quick. Although,
I might have a lot more in common with her than I know. Still would want to get to know her better, even in said hypothetical. I do plan on talking to her more though, we chatted a bunch in musical today which was hella epic, she did
make some t-pose jokes (ish), so there's a con ahaha. God tough, so many things about her make me so comfortable and happy. I saw her ears today, they have a lil' point!! So cute, never even seen that before. Outfit choice is honestly
just female me, programmer dad?! Fucking sick as shit. A lot better than two artist, one being extremely spiritual ahahaha. I had a dream last night and Kathleen was one of the main charaters. The name Kathleen is strange to me at this
point, still one of my favourite names, it has just kinda shifted connotation after the months of thinking about her in a golden spotlight. Anyways, the dream was some sort of maze or tag game, and I was with Kathleen and a few other
people for some reason. We talked about a lot of stuf, cuddled on a beanbag in the exact same way you cuddled with Djuna that one time after LD Challenge on Lone Wolf. She talked about wanting to rescue owls. It was a weird thing but
for some reason, I just find everything she (as the Kathlen image in my mind) does to be amazing. (some reason fuckin what lmaoooo ou in love with her) I don't really want to be in a relationship either. I want so much time to myself. I
have realized that ever second you're not working, that is one second wasted. I want to maximize the amount I do in this short ass life, and that's why I'm doing the fucked up sleep schedule lol. I forgot to mention, virginity KIA. 
Honestly it's worrying how little I care about other people in relationships when I don't feel like caring. Stuck my dingle dangle in her pajangalang. Twice now. Fun times but not worth it. My efficiency OCD is getting crazy haha, I
just want to nut and be done. I fnd sex kinda dumb, takes up so much time for no that awesome of a reward. Maybe that will change later, who knows. Time by Pink Floyd. Astounding song. Lights out, headset blasting, so awesome. Has made
me release so many emotions about my repressed memories. I don't really have much else to say besides I love math and Kath(leen). She's really fuckin cute. That ear thing is really getting to me, it's kinda elf-esque. Never noticed it.
Her glasses are really nice too. Damn and the hair tho. Fuck this game bro.

	Oh also I'm building solar panel system soon, that'll be super fun! Soldering together a bunch of Li-ion batteries, 88000 mAh worth of energy storage total. only going to be drawing between 2-5 Ah at a time so it will last a
really long time in the studio. The solar panel I'm planning on rn is going to produce 1.6 Amps at 17 volts, should be hella gaming. Most likely going to set up two in parallel, 3.2 Amps at same voltage. Charge the huge ass battery
pack twice as fast.

	(SO EXCITED FOR PHYSICS WITH HER THAT'S GONNA BE SICK AS SHIT)

	AHAHAHH I'VE LOST A LOT OF MONEY FROM STOCK MARKET LMAO
If ZOM goes back up we'll be chill though. BABA still fucked tehe. -400 bucks. USD too. Whatever.