						Half day at school					13/12/18

	Today I woke up and went back to sleep for a bit. I was tired as shit after my weird sleep where I kept waking up because I thought 
people were in my bed. Did a quick sink wash of my hair, changed, and then walked to school. Had short blocks all day because of parent 
teacher interviews. In science we just did a sheet on our lab from a couple days ago. French was boring as always, but got 100% on a test! I.T.
was fun, just played games the entire time. The break was mediocreish. Socials was nice and chillax, we had Mr. Sinclair as a sub. P.E. still
sucked, fuck working out. Went to Save on after school with Kai, Mark, Charlie, Zofia, Elzbea, Sam and Faith. We talked about dicks and tits
and vajaggers. Saw Kris there, hated every second of it. Went to take a piss and he was in there with his friend. Also saw Cooper and John
there, as well as Kaia and her family. Played truth or dare, never have I ever, where someone asked if anyone has done buttstuff and I discreetly put my finger down, and only Charlie saw.
I also had a fight with Mark where we were talking about if I had ever seen gay porn, and I said yes, but it was an accident. They didnt believe 
me, but it was when I was finding videos for Ollies backup and I stumbled upon some unwanted shit. I said I could tell Charlie about it later, but 
not Mark. He then said something like, "You never tell me stuff, why do you only tell Charlie these things?" And I told him it was because I can't 
really trust him with stuff like that, because of what happened with him telling everyone I liked Zofia, especially when one of those people is 
Cade. Also he had blackmailed me with stuff like that before, like the helium video. He said something like, "That's only happened once," (It 
hasn't I couldn't think of any other times at the time tho) "I wouldn't get mad about it if you just said you didn't want to tell me." I did tell him it was
just me and Charlie specific though. He left and I felt bad, but he is being really annoying and I know it's mostly my fault, but he hasn't stopped 
doing the things I've asked him to. Charlie and I also said that the next time I eat sugar is the next time he smokes bac, and I have so far kept 
my word of not eating sugar, even though he could never find out. Me and Zofia hugged and it's great cuz she's the freaking best and she's so 
pretty and smart and funny. After that, we went to DQ for a bit and then ventured our ways home. I had two sausages and eggs for dinner, and 
Nathan was being a condescending patronizing asshole like always. Watched some himym, ate a bunch of crackers, almost went to sleep, 
jerked my berk, and wrote this and yesterday's log. Well Goodnight!