                                                                           		       Lazy Saturday		                                                             16/11/19
	
	Today I phoned Dante to help with his english assignment, hung out in bed until like 12, then got changed and showered and shizzle. 
Texted Zofia and we made plans to hang out, I didn't do much until she came over at 3. We hung out downstairs until pizza for dinner, then made
our pizzas. Oh shit, almost forgot to mention Kathleen! So the girl that I had a crush on in grade 5 is in musical and I've got some stuff to say
about her. After seeing her in the junior musical, I was reminded of how easy it is to have a crush on her. She's super pretty and very talented
at singing. Didn't think much of it or of her until I got back to school and she joined musical. Turns out she's not only pretty as hell, she can play
the piano amazingly and she's very good at art. The thing is, I love Zofia and we're amazing together but I just can't stop thinking about this girl!
She is without a doubt the prettiest person I have ever met! No offense to Zofia who's like top 5, but Kathleen seems like the best girl ever. I
followed her on instagram and she followed me back so that's cool, I don't want to do anything tho cuz I value me and Zofia more than having
the small potential of dating Kathleen. It's haunting me tho! Me and Zof had an amazing time today! But! Still! I can't get this girl out of my head!
Anyways, that's my mini rant about having a crush on Kathleen while dating Zofia. Even just her name tho! I love the name Kathleen! It's so
great! Ok I really need to stop, I have a gf. Anyways, we had pizza, chilled in my room, went to the studio and made out pretty passionately for
like 40 minutes, felt her boobs a bunch and had a great time. We drove her home, I went to saveon, watched El Camino. Soccer for tomorrow
got cancelled, so idk what I'm gonna do now that I have the night to myself. Welp, this has been fun like the past 2 months or however long it's
been since the last time I wrote one of these, I love Kathleen and Zofia. Nighty night gamer.